He was still bored and couldn't help but take care of his job.
It seems that he is the legendary person who always pays special attention to his back.
Yes. It's true that a hundred words are worth less than a first sight,
As expected of a top designer, I have great temperament.
You don’t know two people now, but you want feelings,
I will first get to know him as you do. good.
You have another beauty.
Why do you want to take a look? Do you know him?
He is a mediocre college player,
How could I possibly know him.
I just met him once during the interview, I guess.
He was late then,
And he also made a big fuss in the office.
In the end, my uncle really had no choice.
We can only have the money and let him go to the advanced design department to try it out.
But this is only between interests
He can't even survive his internship
It will be good to be stabbed and pushed
How could it be wrong
Don't even connect people.
Then who is not 985211 than others?
He is a college player
Sorry to make trouble
What about this kind of person?
You won't accompany us into a company to make trouble at all.